Incoming lectures we are going to talk about the concrete implementation of convolutional now.
And that works with the help of keras.
OK.
We have been talking about classifying the missed handwritten data with the help of support machines
and we managed to achieve 96 percent accuracy okay with the help of convolutional and there were all
networks and deep learning.
We are able to achieve 99 percent accuracy.
So this is why I have told you that deep now Real Networks can outperform any machine learning algorithms.
So as far as the needs dataset is concerned it is a data set of handwritten digits.
So there are 60000 samples as far as the training data set is concerned.
And 10000 examples for the task sat and the digits have been sized normalized and centered in a fixed
size image.
Okay the last important feature is that these images are 28 by 28 pixels images.
Okay so we can load it with the half of keras data set.
If we import the list from Cara's data set.
So we are able to load the data as far as the training data set.
And as far as that task the data set is gone.
So lets print out the shape of the training data set and tasks that there are 60000 samples as far as
the training teachers are concerned.
As you can see we have 28 pixels by 28 pixels images.
So this is the features for the training data set.
These are the labels for the training data set.
So if we printout out that X strain 0 as grayscale and Whiteway in 0 we get this image.
Basically this is the input for the convolutional in our network.
As you can see it is the number five.
So thats why the label is going to be declassified.
So this is what we have printed out here.
OK the shape of the testing dataset is approximately the same.
But here we are dealing with 10000 samples instead of 60000 samples.
Okay.
So again the input is going to be 10000 images and every single image is 28 by 28 pixels image like
for example this one here.
And of course we have the output labels 10000 integers basically.
So we have the class 0 for the integer 0 we have 1 for the numbers 1 we have to use 3 up to 9.
OK.
So these are going to be the target variables.
Okay.
There are several steps we have to take in order to make sure that the training procedure will work
fine.
So first of all tens of flow kind of handle format like this the batch size haith weight and the number
of channels because we are dealing with black and white images or basically grayscale images.
Thats why the number of channels is one.
We have 28 by 28 pixels images.
So the health and the weight parameters are equal to 28 and we are going to use the bat size as the
number of samples.
So in this case 60000 for the training data set and 10000 for that task data set.
Why.
Because when we feed the model we are able to change the bat size.
So in this case we just initialize it to be the number of samples which means basically a gradient descent
approach.
Okay then do we have to notify tens or flow that these values are going to be floating point numbers
so that's why S-type float 32.
Okay so these are the features.
Last step is to do a minimax normalization.
So we would like to transform the values within the range 0 and 1 as usual because we are dealing with
grayscale images.
So the maximum value is two hundred and fifty five.
That's why if we divide the values by two hundred and fifty five we are going to end up with something
very very similar to minimax normalization.
Then we have to transform the output labels because so far we have 0 1 2 3 2 9 but these values are
not going to work fine for the training procedure because the activation functions usually transformed
the values within the range 0 when 1.
So that's why we use this one hold in coding.
This is exactly what we have seen when dealing with the iris data set.
So we have to transform the output labels.
In this case we are dealing with handwritten digits.
So 0 1 2 up to nine we have to transform these values into a binary representation was 0 0 0 0 4 0 0
1 0 0 0 4 1.
So we are going to represent every single label with a one dimensional vector the size of the one dimensional
vector is the number of possible outcomes.
In this case we have 10 classes.
So that's why the size of this one dimensional array is going to be 10 and the values within this array
can be either 0 or 1.
So this is how we use one halt in coding in order to represent the output classes.
Ok so for example 2 is going to be 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0.
So we can do it with the help of Nahm Piute.
Is that too categorical.
We have to define the features for the training and the features for that testing dataset.
And we have to define the number of output classes we have 10 output classes and that's why we are able
to transform the Y output classes into targets for the training set and for the task sat.
So basically these are the stats we have to take before applying the convolutional in our own networks.
But this is what we are going to talk about in the next lecture.
Thanks for watching.